Fix cluster/manager RBAC permissions guide (#6850)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/user-administration/rbac.rst

#. Click **Create Role mapping** and complete the empty fields with the requested information.
   
      - **Role mapping name**: Assign a name to the role mapping.

>       - **Roles**: Select the role created previously. Then select the **cluster_readonly** role to assign the user basic configuration reading permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Roles**: Select the role created previously and  the ``cluster_readonly`` role. This role assigns the user basic configuration reading permissions.
```
